>> Scott Moss: All right,
let's make the other evals so
we can see some more experiments going.
So, I'm going to make a new experiment
here in my experiments folder.
Let's make one for the dad jokes.
So I'll say,
dadjoke.Eval.ts just like that.
And because it's pretty much
gonna be the same thing,
I'm just gonna copy what we had
here in the Reddit, the whole file,
just gonna paste it into the dad joke.
And I'm just gonna swap out the Reddit
tool call definition to the dadJokeTool
call definition, and
then switch up the inputs, obviously.
So instead of Reddit,
this will be dadJoke.
Instead of this,
this would be dadJokeToolDefinition.
>> Scott Moss: I'm gonna change
my experiment name to dadJoke.
>> Scott Moss: And then I'm going to
>> Scott Moss: Change
my input here to be,
tell me a funny dad joke,
and I'll get rid of this other one.
>> Scott Moss: So I hope my system
will call the dad joke tool if someone
says tell me a funny dad joke.
If not then it's pretty bad in fact we
should go sabotage our tool to make
it not respond to dad jokes just so
you can see how we can improve it.
So let's try that after we run it so
you'll see so
you can see the process on how to We
talk about evals, but then, like,
what do you do when the evals aren't good?
So we'll talk about, like,
how to improve that.
But for now, let's run it.
So the way you run it, again,
if you're on Windows, you do MPX,
TSX, evals, experiments,
the name of that file you.
So in this case, dadJoke, make sure you
have your importdotemv/config at the top.
If you're not on Windows,
you don't have to do any of that.
You can just run NPM runEval dadJoke.
I'm gonna do it the Windows way
because it also works on Mac, so
that way everybody can see it.
So I'm gonna run dadJoke.
And of course, I got 100% because
I literally said in the input,
tell me a funny dad joke.
There's no way you can mess it up,
given the instructions that we have.
So, gotta do that.
Let's go look at our dashboard to see
how we can view those experiments.
I'll just refresh this right quick.
There should be another dad
joke in the drop-down here.
And you can see the only one that
I ran had 100% so there it is.
>> Scott Moss: Now,
let's sabotage our dad joke right now.
It has some pretty good instructions
on the prompts, I think, it says,
get a dad joke.
So it knows to get a dad joke.
But what if I wrote a really
bad description here,
like, use this tool to get the weather,
literally a bad description.
But my eval still expects an input from,
tell me a funny dad
joke to call that tool.
Do you anticipate the LLM to call this
tool when the LLM thinks that it should
call this tool to get the weather
when the user asks for a dad joke?
Probably not.
So I would expect when I run this
that's it's gonna be like.
Actually, it still did it.
[LAUGH] I don't know
why it still did that.
Maybe it's the name.
Let's try to sabotage it here.
Let's call it weather tool.
Something like that.
Let's see what happens.
I did not expect that.
>> Scott Moss: Okay, yeah, I guess the
name does have a lot of influence on that.
And I think that's because
I'm using 4.o mini.
The 4.o mini is really good.
I think if you did that on 3.5,
it would not get it.
So let's say you had a poorly named tool,
a poor description,
but yet you expected to do something else.
So this eval would tell you that.
This eval would be like,
wow, it didn't get it.
So what do I need to improve here?
Well, if we're detecting whether or
not the AI is picking the right tool, and
the only way to influence whether or
not the AI can pick the right tool is
the name of the tool that you give it, the
description of the tool that you give it,
and then some other instructions in
the system prompt, well, guess what?
Those are the only things you can
play around with to improve this, so
once you see that score, then you
then come in and like, okay, well,
I'm gonna call this dad_joke.
Let's not call it weather, and then I'm
gonna say returns, a random dad joke.
>> Scott Moss: I would
make my improvement.
If you want historical
references of your improvements,
you technically could just make another
experiment in here and call it dad joke,
V1 or V2, and
make a whole nother experiment.
So you can see all the improvements
you had over time.
But because the other thing you could do
is in our eval tool, I'm not doing it,
but this thing can also log
the metadata associated with it.
So, what was the system prompt?
What was the tool call definition?
So we can log it at that time.
So you can go see over time what the tool
call definition and name was, and
the system prop name was at the time
when you ran that experiment, cuz you're
gonna be changing those things over time
so you can see what not to do, right?
And then you can actually take all of
those and write me the most optimized one.
Here are all the results of my
evals with the system prompts and
the tool call names and
definitions and the scores they got.
Write me the most optimized one that
would give me the highest score, and
then it would write you the right name and
the right description and
the right system prompt
to maximize that score.
So this is why it's very important
to log this stuff and keep it.
So, yeah, you would make that improvement.
I'm gonna make that improvement.
I'm gonna run this again
on the same experiment, and
of course I expect it to go up.
So that is the process of running your
evals, figuring out where in your chain,
where in your LLM,
has the influence to make a difference.
Make that change, run your eval again,
see what happens, right?
And then also adding more data.
So now, if we go back to here,
we go back to dadJoke, yeah,
there was 100, 100, then it went to 0,
then it went back to 100.
I think this will only show
the last 10 sets, the last 10 runs.
It won't do more than, I don't think.
Let's do one for generate image.
So I'm gonna say,
generateImage.eval.ts.
It's very similar, so
I'm just gonna copy it,
bring it in here, paste it.
Import from generateImage,
select the dadToolDefinition,
and change that to
generateImageToolDefinition.
I'm gonna get a new experiment name.
Gonna call this generate
image call whatever you want.
Cursor is already telling
me that inputs jacked.
So I'm just gonna go ahead and
take that suggestion, and
I'm gonna say,
generate an image of a sunset.
So I expect when a user says,
generate image of a sunset, for
this to actually call
the Generate tool message.
Now we're not actually
running the functions.
We're just seeing if the AI is
telling us to run the function, right?
So let's try that one.
So now I'm gonna go here.
I'm gonna say, generate image eval.
And of course I get 100 because
I explicitly asked to do that.
So, you might get a user saying,
let's say you have some analytics and
you anonymized it.
So you can kinda see what people are
saying, but you don't know who they are.
And then you saw that someone said,
take a photo of the sunset.
Would you expect that
to generate an image?
I don't know, it depends on
what you want out of your app.
If you want your app to be clever enough
to know that taking your photo also
means generating an image,
i you didn't think of that ahead of time,
you would have had waited to a user
to have said something like that.
It would have had to fail,
you would have had to collect it, and
then you would have had to address it,
right?
I actually don't know what that's
gonna do, so I don't know.
If it fails, we'll address it.
If it doesn't fail,
let's see what happens.
It did fail.
So it doesn't think taking a photo
is rendering an image, but
I want my LLM to be that clever.
So what do I do?
How do I address this?
How do I improve this?
Because for some, my LLM, my agent is like
the number one users are photographers.
So, they always say, take a photo.
So, that's why that's happening.
So those are my number one users.
So, I need to, like, instead of telling
them, like, hey, stop saying take a photo,
I need to make my LLM
address take a photo.
>> Speaker 2: How do you handle it
when eval-ing things that aren't just
a bully and call this tool or not?
It could be,
is this structured output valid?
These kinds of things.
>> Scott Moss: We'll get
into that right after this.
There's so much of that.
You'll see why I had to do
this first before I show you
that cuz it's just a can of worms,
it's just crazy.
But we had to do this part first.
So, yeah, I have an LLM that
is on a photography app and
most of our users are photographers,
and they love to say,
take a photo when they actually
mean generate something.
So instead of telling them to say,
stop saying that,
I should just tell my LLM to handle that,
right?
So how do I do that?
Well, it failed so I'm gonna go here.
I can put something in this description.
Hey, taking a photo is the same
thing as generating an image.
Maybe I'll start with that if I could
spell photo right, there we go.
I'll start with that.
I'll start with that description.
I'll add that, and
let's see if that's good.
So I'm gonna rerun this.
>> Scott Moss: And it did.
It improved it.
So now, I feel pretty confident
that if some user came in and said,
take a photo, that it will call
the generate image function.
And this is the process.
You do this over and
over and over and over.
And this is why it never stops.
Do this forever until eternity,
because people will just find new ways,
especially if you're a chat app.
If you're a chat app, every day is just,
you just go see what weird stuff people
are saying, and you try to address it.
That's it [LAUGH].
It's really hard, but
also kinda hilarious and fun.
Somebody tried to jailbreak our AI
the other day, and I was like looking
at the stuff that they were trying to say,
and it was so hilarious.
It's so funny, yes.
>> Speaker 3: So if you look at
the dashboard for your image.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah.
Let's look at the dashboard.
>> Speaker 3: So I noticed that
it this only went down to 50% and
then back up,
as opposed to when you look like
dadJoke it was a very binary zero and one.
What's-
>> Scott Moss: What's
the difference there?
Yeah.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah.
>> Scott Moss: So I'm pretty sure it's
because I had different amounts of inputs,
right?
So I think on the dad
joke only at one input.
So it was always 100% right or
always zero.
But I think on generate image,
I had two inputs.
So it could be 50% and
it could not be 50% so
>> Speaker 3: Remember the average of
the results.
>> Scott Moss: Establish the results,
yeah.
>> Speaker 3: And so
it's actually running two-
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
it's running two prompts.
>> Speaker 2: Yep.
>> Speaker 3: Against-
>> Scott Moss: Yep, and it gets
the average of both of those.
>> Speaker 3: Gotcha.
>> Scott Moss: Exactly.
Yeah, hope you guys see the power
of just having evals in general,
because if you didn't.
So not only do you need the eval,
you need to log what users are saying,
and you need to save that somewhere so
you can do this part, otherwise,
there's literally no way
you'll ever improve your.
Of your system is like,
how would you have known that?
This is what people were saying.
It's so random.
So, you have to be able to do that, but
once you do it's like, okay, the first
level improvement is prompt engineering,
and that's what we've been doing.
But there's many levels of improvement.
Prompt engineering is just
the first thing you do.